# Comunica365-plugin
Comunica Add-in for Excel

This repository contains source code generated by the Yo Office generator (Word add-in, taskpane, Typescript).
This generated code was heavily modified and extended to create the Vlaamse Overheid Word Add-in.
See the documentation in /docs/ for more details.

Quick CLI reference
To quickly get started with the sources, first make sure you have the latest node.js installed.
Check out the sources into a folder, and then open a command prompt (on Windows) in that folder.
Now run the following commands in sequence:

npm install → Downloads and install the node modules
npm update → Updates the node modules.
npm run build → Compiles the sources and copies the files needed for web deploy to the /dist/ folder. Also generates manifest.xml files based on settings in webpack.config.js .
npm start → Generates and installs a local TLS certificate. Starts the dev server on https://127.0.0.1:3000 . Launches desktop Word with the add-in automatically sideloaded. When running, the dev server automatically recompiles and redeploys changed sources.
npm stop → Stops the build server. Closes desktop Word.
TypeScript
This template is written using TypeScript.
For the TypeScript version of this template, go to Office-Addin-TaskPane.
For the JavaScript version of this template, go to Office-Addin-TaskPane-JS.

Debugging
This template supports debugging using any of the following techniques:

Use a browser's developer tools
Attach a debugger from the task pane
Use F12 developer tools on Windows 10
Questions and comments
We'd love to get your feedback about this sample. You can send your feedback to us in the Issues section of this repository.

Questions about Microsoft Office 365 development in general should be posted to Stack Overflow. If your question is about the Office JavaScript APIs, make sure it's tagged with  [office-js].

Additional resources
Office add-in documentation
More Office Add-in samples at OfficeDev on Github
This project has adopted the Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct. For more information, see the Code of Conduct FAQ or contact opencode@microsoft.com with any additional questions or comments.

Copyright
The original sources from the Yo Office generator: Copyright (c) 2019 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved. Released under the MIT license. These generated and modified sources : Copyright (c) 2020 Vlaamse Overheid. Released under the MIT license.
